Add configuration cache info to performance docs page (#21350)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/running-builds/performance.adoc

If you do decide to use static compilation, using an IDE can quickly show errors due to unrecognised types, properties, and methods.
You’ll also get auto-completion, which is always handy.

> === Enable the configuration cache

Reviewer: Maybe this is something for the larger reorganization of this content, but enabling the configuration cache and the build cache are basically the _first_ things you should do. And when you enable the configuration cache, many of the other suggestions become much less important, or even irrelevant, for many teams.

So, I would present configuration cache and build cache as early as possible and encourage people to try them first, and then lead them on to other, more specific, improvements.

Also, we should mention somewhere in the doc the GE test acceleration features, test distribution and predictive test selection. These didn't exist when this content was first put together and it looks like we forget to add them.

Author: I plan on reorganizing and rewriting this entire page soon, so I'll put this idea on the backburner for now. When I get to that reorg/rewrite, I'll definitely focus on configuration and build caching as a first (easy!) step -- thanks for the tip.

Good point about the GE test acceleration/distribution and predictive test selection features. I would appreciate any pointers to you have to feature descriptions, points of contact, etc. so I can follow up on those and include them as I reorganize this page.

Tagging @adammurdoch so we can follow up on this.

[IMPORTANT]
====
This feature is currently *_incubating_* and not enabled by default. The configuration cache does not support all core Gradle plugins and features. IDE imports and syncs do not use the configuration cache.
====

> You can cache the result of the configuration phase by enabling the <<configuration_cache.adoc#config_cache,Configuration Cache>>. When build configuration input remains the same across builds, the configuration cache allows Gradle to skip the configuration phase entirely.

Reviewer 2: ... build configuration input**s** remain the same... ?

Author: Hm, maybe I'm not expressing this correctly. I'll sync up with you on Slack to see where the miscommunication is happening.

Reviewer 2: I just meant that instead of saying _When build configuration input remains the same_, I'd use plural form  _inputs_ as in _When build configuration inputs remain the same_ like you do below.

Author: ```suggestion
You can cache the result of the configuration phase by enabling the <<configuration_cache.adoc#config_cache,Configuration Cache>>. When build configuration inputs remain the same across builds, the configuration cache allows Gradle to skip the configuration phase entirely.
```

> You can cache the result of the configuration phase by enabling the <<configuration_cache.adoc#config_cache,Configuration Cache>>. When build configuration inputs remain the same across builds, the configuration cache allows Gradle to skip the configuration phase entirely.

Author: Thank you, this insight is invaluable.
